cd..
cls
dir



F/W to build client side appln.
It is for SPAs(Single Page Appln) where parts of view refresh asynchronously w/o having to reload entire page. 

Development Environment :- 
Node 
NPM(Node Package Managment)
Angular CLI(Command Line Interface) :- It allows us to generate building blocks of angluar appls by typing commands
   for install :- npm install -g @angular/cli
Text Editor - VS Code 

node -v
npm -v
ng -v (for angular cli)

create new project :- ng new {projectName}
Run application :- ng serve and npm start(It will internally call ng serve)

Architecture :-
First building block is 'Modules' :- Angular app is modular in nature.So angluar appln is collection of many individual modules
     Every module represent feature area in our appln. e.g Admin module , User module.
	 Every angular appln atleast one module which is the "Root module".By convention this is called "App Module".
	 Each module is intern made of "Components" and "Serices".
Components :- It controls the portion of view on the browser.e.g navigation component , sidebar component but angular application 
              atleast have one component i.e Root component or AppComponent.All other components are nested components inside
			  Root component.
			  Each component will have "HTML" template to represent the view in the browser and "Class" controls the logic of 
			  particula view.
Services :- Which is basically a class that contains the buisness logic of our appln.

Architecture Summary :-
Angular App :- One or more modules 
Module :- One or more components and services 
Components :- HTML + Class
Services :- Buisness Logic
Modules interact and ultimately render the view in the browser.

src->main.ts :- Which is the entry point of an angular application.
app->app.module.ts :- which is the root module of an application. i.e AppModule
app->app.component.ts :- which is the root component of an application.

When we start or run with "ng serve" -> main.ts -> app.module.ts(AppModule) -> app.component.ts(AppComponent)

When we run the command "ng serve" to start the our application the execution comes to the "main.ts" file and over here we 
bootstrap or quick start the app module.
In the "AppModule" we intern bootstrap or again quick start the "AppComponent".This AppComponent has two things :-
	HTML template(app.component.html) and the class to control the view logic(app.component.ts).














