Project :- 
1)Chatbot is not a web-socket. Web-socket is like whatsApp , always on .
	we sent message and other guys whenever want to send he can send
2)Chatbot is http means when we hit then only we'll get response So we are using http.
	Here respnse confirm
3)Java is connected with Dialogflow using Http fulfilment
4)Book -> Android(Send JSON format to DF) -> DF -> Backend(We aggin sent response to DF) -> DF -> Android -> Display to user
5)Dialogflow is a tool we use for chatbot.Using this tool we can make so many agents.
	We train agent and according to that it will response.
	It is a natural language understanding platform that makes it easy to design and 
	integrate a conversational user interface into your mobile app,web application etc.
6)It is android appln.
Functionalities :- How it works?
1)Agent
    1)Intents :- The boat will know what we are talking about.There are so many Lines or sentences and add into Intent.
				 According to that context saved and Boat can ask next question.
   2)Entities :- Nothing but value.e.g DoctorName entity.
	
In backend , First I find which intent is hit then after that we'll process that intent's data and sent back to user.
Behind that so many cases because user can write anything we don't know we have to handle all the cases.
I also add intelligence in boat e.g next to next monday , tommorow , after morning etc. 
It is a iterative process.Becuse service changed because so many user so many sentences.
I also designed whole algorithm for chatbot.

	
Basically Healthsign technology is a healthcare domain.We can book doctor,diagnostic appointment.So there are two projects I 
have worked in.
So whatever operations we can do through app like booking....... even same we can do through he chatbot.We can onboard new patient
We can navigate at different pages through chatbot and tool i was used for chatbot i.e dialogflow v1 & v2 We also migrated from 
v1 to v2.From tool we can create agent.Every agent have own fulfilment webhook through we connect.
We're also maintaining the contexts for chatbot.

in java we detect intents and according to that we swich to particular intent class
to bot behave more intelligence e.g mother , father , after morning based on customized entites 
i.e time-interval and date-interval 

cron batch is also there 





